capital = 43
set_research_slots = 3

set_stability=0.6

send_embargo = SER
SER = {
	send_embargo = AUS
}

recruit_character = HUN_karoly_khuen_hedervary
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_luckacs 
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_tisza
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_wekerle 
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_kossuth
recruit_character = HUN_joseph_august
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_huszar
recruit_character = HUN_miklos_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_mihaly_karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos
recruit_character = HUN_tibor_szamuely

recruit_character = HUN_bela_kun

recruit_character = HUN_franz_joseph_i
recruit_character = HUN_franz_ferdinand_i
recruit_character = HUN_karl_i
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_zita_von_bourbonparma

recruit_character = HUN_samu_hazai
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_kolossvary
recruit_character = HUN_arpad_tamasy
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_andrassy
recruit_character = HUN_gabor_ugron

set_country_flag = dont_trigger_political_event

1910.1.1 = {
	country_lock_all_division_template = yes
	oob = "HUN_1910"
	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		#bicycle_infantry = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		
		#armor
		early_armored_car = 1
		
		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1
		howitzer1 = 1
		
		#doctrine
		ww1_landdoctrine = 1
		
		#navy
		transport = 1

		#air
		airship = 1
		scout_plane = 1
		
		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		magneto_ignition = 1
		aircraft_engine = 1
		generator_battery = 1
		basic_train = 1
    	basic_railways = 1
   		construction0 = 1
        powder_type_b = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1908.10.31"
		election_frequency = 60
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 40
		neutrality = 34
		fascism = 2
		communism = 24
	}

	add_ideas = {
		AUH_ww1_House_Habsburg_Lorraine
		HUN_franz_joseph_i
		AUH_pig_war	
		limited_conscription	
		AUH_unveiled_plans
		HUN_ausgleich
	}

	set_country_flag = monarchist_puppet 
	activate_advisor = HUN_istvan_tisza
}
