capital = 277

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.36
set_convoys = 62
set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine

recruit_character = MEX_ricardo_flores_magon
recruit_character = MEX_porfirio_diaz
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_madero
recruit_character = MEX_bernardo_reyes

recruit_character = MEX_emiliano_zapata
recruit_character = MEX_jose_yves_limantour
recruit_character = MEX_ramon_corral
recruit_character = MEX_abraham_gonzalez
recruit_character = MEX_victoriano_huerta
recruit_character = MEX_venustiano_carranza
recruit_character = MEX_alvaro_obregon
recruit_character = MEX_agustin_i
recruit_character = MEX_salvador_alvarado
recruit_character = MEX_plutarco_elias_calles
recruit_character = MEX_candido_aguilar
recruit_character = MEX_salinas_camina
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_leon_de_la_barra
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_roque_serrano
recruit_character = MEX_valentin_gama_y_cruz
recruit_character = MEX_alfredo_serratos_amador
recruit_character = MEX_querido_moheno
recruit_character = MEX_jose_lopez_portillo_y_rojas
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_garza_aldape
recruit_character = MEX_carlos_pereyra
recruit_character = MEX_jose_refugio_velasco
recruit_character = MEX_alberto_salinas_carranza
recruit_character = MEX_ignacio_l_pesqueira
recruit_character = MEX_gilberto_valenzuela
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_l_urquizo
recruit_character = MEX_aureliano_blanquet
recruit_character = MEX_rafael_eguia_lis
recruit_character = MEX_felipe_angeles
recruit_character = MEX_felix_diaz
recruit_character = MEX_angel_garcia_pena
recruit_character = MEX_jeronimo_trevino
recruit_character = MEX_higinio_aguilar
recruit_character = MEX_juan_jose_navarro_baez
recruit_character = MEX_jose_azueta
recruit_character = MEX_angel_ortiz_monasterio
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_azueta
recruit_character = MEX_othon_p_blanco
recruit_character = MEX_hilario_rodriguez_malpica_segovia
recruit_character = MEX_hilario_rodriguez_malpica_saliva
recruit_character = MEX_ignacio_alcocer
recruit_character = MEX_santiago_gonzalez_cordero
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_pacheco
recruit_character = MEX_juan_guillermo_villasana
recruit_character = MEX_manuel_mondragon
recruit_character = MEX_pascual_orozco
recruit_character = MEX_pancho_villa
recruit_character = MEX_pablo_gonzalez_garza
recruit_character = MEX_ramon_f_ituribe
recruit_character = MEX_lucio_blanco
recruit_character = MEX_juan_g_cabral
recruit_character = MEX_eulalio_gutierrez
recruit_character = MEX_cesareo_castro_villareal
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_luis_urquizo
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_jose_mugica
recruit_character = MEX_roque_gonzalez_garza
recruit_character = MEX_felix_uresti_gomez

#Zapatist
recruit_character = MEX_eufemio_zapata
recruit_character = MEX_amador_salazar
recruit_character = MEX_felipe_neri
recruit_character = MEX_francisco_mendoza_palma
recruit_character = MEX_genovevo_de_la_o
recruit_character = MEX_gildardo_magana_cerda
recruit_character = MEX_jesus_h_salgado
recruit_character = MEX_otilio_montano

1910.1.1 = {
	oob = "MEX_1910"

	set_technology = {
		#infantry
		infantry_weapons = 1
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		
		#support
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1

		#artillery
		gw_artillery = 1

		#engineering
		electrical_engineering = 1
		mechanical_engineering = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1904.7.10" 
		election_frequency = 72 
		elections_allowed = yes 
	}		
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 0
		communism = 11
		democratic = 24
		neutrality = 65
	}
	
	add_ideas = { 
		MEX_idea_porfiriato 
		MEX_idea_haciendas 
		MEX_idea_caudillo_loyalty 
		MEX_idea_incompetent_army 
	}
}
1914.1.1 = {
	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = ww1_trenchwarfare
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = ww1_newnavalcanons_1
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = infrastructure_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	complete_national_focus = political_effort

	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	promote_character = MEX_venustiano_carranza
	
	remove_ideas = {
		MEX_idea_porfiriato
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}

	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "MEX_1910_naval_legacy"

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Porfirio Díaz Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Independencia Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Libertad Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Democrata Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Mexico Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tampico Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nicholas Bravo Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Morales Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}

	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1	
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		sonar = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		improved_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		pre_dreadnoughts = 1
	}

	set_naval_oob = "MEX_1910_naval_mtg"

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Porfirio Díaz Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Independencia Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Democrata Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tampico Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Nicholas Bravo Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
		}
	}	
}

